we're desperate
for information about france
churchill has asked us to create a
secret army of spies
[Music]
this is a rudimentary operation women
will be more inconspicuous
make sure they're pretty for you or for
the germans
i don't believe we've met virginia hall
we could set her up as a journalist
good lord vera she has a wooden leg
would you suspect this girl's a spy
rumor has it you are the best wireless
operator in the women's auxiliary air
force
signaling is like music there is a
rhythm to it a pacifist and they are
teaching us to kill they're training us
to survive
we need you as our first female field
agent
don't be fooled common folks are
becoming collaborators
acquire information build resistance
and set france ablaze
if you have any doubts tell me now
this field's dangerous we're here now
we've seen it through
[Music]
we have no choice but to learn the hard
way how to do this
trial and
a lot of error come on let's go
go now the germans are locating our
signals faster than anticipated
we must keep trying
[Music]
who is she i'm going to ask one more
time
the germans will stop at nothing till
they find you i'm not giving up
we're not giving up
you know we're here only for a short
time
but what we do while we're here
changes the course of the future
[Music]
men of the 24th infantry
this is texas
and we have a great opportunity here a
legacy
if proven worthy will carry us all the
way to the shores of friends
things are a little different down here
in the south
i will expect you men to obey the racial
code yes sir
get back with the others let's go ahead
and draw this machine
officer cross this is a white man's
world
every man here has got a lit fuse
jim crow's the law respect it
what we gonna do the police brutalize us
sir
all we want is to be treated as soldiers
military police you are to ensure order
of the men of the 24th infantry only
dropped a knife
back up i was robbed of my honor
you get out of here before they take
yours too
the general can get the 24th in the
fight
he's never going to do that what do we
do sir
william i've done all i can do here we
have a problem
we're gonna take our country back the
law run this town
there's a militia on the way are they
which way
they go
keep pushing people down
sooner or later
they rise up
can you identify any of the leaders of
the mutiny
when i aimed the gun
i saw a man
he didn't see one back
be careful a lot of roadkill out there
oh my gosh
yo hey let's go open the door
didn't you hear the emergency
broadcasting everybody's supposed to
evacuate
thank god you're here there's a killer
on the loose
[Music]
you came to protect us i came to get
laid
what happens in the cabin stays in a
cabin
we got our own hot streak here in miami
it's going to hit 95.
we ain't got no milk ain't getting none
neither hey yo
yo
[Music]
now people this is going to be very
basic for some of you what you've got
is 64 squares 32 pieces
it doesn't matter how rich or poor you
are what ivy league school you may go
may not go to because chess is
the great equalizer
we got a tournament coming up in a
couple days
so we need to start really considering
if we're serious about what we're doing
here or not
the board is fine spending 400 on
footballs
but not with sending kids on a road trip
to improve their minds
you can have them play marbles for all i
care just keep the bodies
in the seats you're underestimating me
okay and more importantly them
kids like this from places like dake
county don't ever make it to team
regionals
it shouldn't be too hard for them to
swallow
[Music]
give up on them let their parents give
up on them let the whole system give up
on them but you know what i ain't okay
this moment right here has happened this
happens in my life so you come in here
bragging because you want a trophy
play to win these kids have real
potential
mom's telling me make something of
myself jazz such
something new
[Music]
what's that world we coming for you all
four of us
yo we can be something special just
remember your mind
can be your weapon from the streets
we were summoned last year
a hundred million people tuned in live
to miss world more viewers than for the
moon landings
or the world cup final
beautiful darling mom don't you and your
sisters used to love playing this world
i'd also like to eat our own snot we
really believe
beauty isn't just skin deep the girls
also have
charm grace goods deportments swimsuits
miss world rehearsals are underway i'm
the first
black south african to take part i'm the
first miss grenada
ladies and gentlemen mr bob the last
time
bob guested on this show he brought the
winning girl home with him
they're turning oppression into
spectacle let's make a spectacle of her
own
we'd infiltrate the theater
we've just been smoking and watching
like in a heist film
if i win there will be little girls who
might start to believe they have a place
in the world
we're black we're not going to be in
this world
[Music]
i don't want you to think i'm some kind
of brute that doesn't consider the
feelings of women
i consider feeling women all the time
forget this
[Music]
this competition makes us compete with
each other and makes the world
narrower for all of us in the end why
should any woman have to earn her place
in the world by looking a particular way
you don't he doesn't why should we
if you want to make it as a singer
america is where you need to be
i'm being paid less in the van so
they're men they've got families to feed
i've got a family to feed
my mother tells me i have to choose
between career and marriage
i tell her we can have both from now on
no one will tell us what we can and
can't do
miss reddy you're saying you sing very
nicely but male group's all the rage
right now you've heard of the beatles
right
did it ever occur to you meant to ask
women what they want to listen to
[Applause]
ellen she's tapped into something here
remember that march in new york and how
many women showed up to that bunch of
record sales marching down the
[Music]
kind of street it's man-hating jeff you
okay with this
what are you doing you want to lose your
recording contract this is more than
just a song to me
[Music]
and i would like to thank god because
she makes everything possible
[Applause]
hey yeah i'm here
oh man yeah
[Music]
my
thank you for coming
[Music]
hi i'm carla hi
my name is mary hi uh i'm susan
hi i'm david i'm 40 years
young and um i live with my mother
i'm looking for a deep connection
someone i can give myself to
completely hi i'm andy
thanks for being here today i have been
waiting for this moment
for what feels like forever to
friendship we're gonna get to know each
other
talk about whatever you want
but more than anything
[Music]
what do you say sounds weird andy
hi hi i'm lisa you want to hang out
tomorrow night i'd love to
maybe someone will come around that can
help you out a little i thought we could
tell each other everything you just need
to open yourself up to it
i thought we were best friends nothing
like a little friendly competition
right that's what friends are for
you're just drunk with infatuation for
some cute girl
to be there for each other we don't need
her we have each other
when all the chips are down taken
everything from me
that's why i'm here for you pal
ah the highlands one of the purest
places on earth hardly a foot has
touched my weight
who the hell
okay roll call duncan mcdonald
dean jobson pj beetroot
can i have your real name just that
third one down there
william to beaufort william oh what did
you tell
him himself oh nice
are you ian i'll meet you at the
campsite at 6pm
[Music]
dunes i'll make a bomb
where's the explosion you have the whole
point of a bomb
mr khalil
[Music]
your generation you'll always
complaining always saying you
are the victim you mad man one chance to
charge free
we have to stop them yeah what was super
high
she won't get away with this we always
do
let's finish
[Music]
nothing ever happened in the highlands
i know what happens in the oval office
and that's what scares me
i come at this from a very unique
perspective
not just having been a journalist but
also having worked
for two different presidents hey folks
pete was with the president all the time
unlike his predecessor mr trump does not
allow his staff photographer to capture
photographs
of life and work inside the white house
if you just stacked up the images of the
obama presidency and the trump
presidency you would see the two stories
of america
in this darkest possible contrast
the job of the chief official white
house photographer is to make
authentic photographs
photographs break down the idea that
these people are somehow different from
us
i've got an idea for another picture
didn't get that piece yeah
the first time that we went to the u.n
he and reggie love played basketball
at one point president obama blocks
reggie shot and he goes
did you get that block
when barack obama was elected i could
see
what he meant to the african-american
community this five-year-old kid
ass obama is my haircut just like yours
president obama bent over and let that
kid touch
his head in his hand that image stands
for how
kids will see themselves differently
forever
i thought who is this man how does he
deal with crisis
leadership character and empathy
don't you wish we had that now when i
first met pete
his politics were not at all evident he
changed
he could no longer be the sply on the
wall
pete souza is getting attention online
with replies to president trump's tweets
i had to speak out i knew how the job
should be done
pete felt the urgency to show what the
office can be
this was a 9-1-1
reagan and obama respected the dignity
of the office
the presidency is a serious job
and i was going to do everything i could
to make sure people didn't forget that
do you have a picture for every single
thing that donald trump has lied about
with barack obama pretty much
[Music]
you